Add integration for Anyscale (#18643)
DataDog/integrations-core: anyscale/README.md

# Agent Check: Anyscale

## Overview

This check monitors [Anyscale][1]. Anyscale is a compute platform that hosts [Ray][5] clusters.

## Setup

> To install and configure the Datadog Agent with the Ray integration on Anyscale, follow [this documentation][6].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install and configure the Datadog Agent with the Ray integration on Anyscale, see the [official Anyscale documentation][6].
```

## Data Collected

> See the [Data Collected by Ray][4].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [Ray integration's Data Collected section][4].
```
